# Home-NVR-Guide
A guide filled with resources and step-by-step walkthroughs to help people of various skill levels to replace Ring, Nest, or any other subscription based camera system with an open source, controllable solution.

I have been on a journey since 2019 to create a smart home security system that is on-par with the major subscription based solutions such as Ring, Nest, Wyze, and the like. I personally don't want to pay a subscription for peace of mind as well as enable companies access to my video feeds and data any more than they already have. A personalized, open source solution allows more flexibility and granular control over the different aspects and functions of the system. This guide will have a few sections that cover:
### [[1. My Personal Setup]](https://github.com/sauln1/Home-NVR-Guide/blob/main/Home-NVR-Guide/Setups/1.%20My%20Personal%20Setup.md)
###### The setup I have at home that I've been developing over the years as well as covering some of the difficulties I faced and costs I encountered. I'll also cover some of my future plans and how I might implement them.
### [[2. Beginner Friendly, Less DIY Setup]](https://github.com/sauln1/Home-NVR-Guide/blob/main/Home-NVR-Guide/Setups/2.%20Beginner%20Friendly%2C%20Less%20DIY%20Setup.md)
###### A setup that uses brand cameras and is less involved with DIY or a highly technical setup. 
### [[3. More Advanced, DIY Setup]](https://github.com/sauln1/Home-NVR-Guide/blob/main/Home-NVR-Guide/Setups/3.%20More%20Advanced%2C%20DIY%20Setup.md)
###### A setup that uses as much custom or DIY made tech as possible, much more technical and might require having worked with some of the tech before. I'm also going to add a stipulation that this solution's cost be capped at the average cost of the annual price of a Wyze, Nest, or Ring subscription to make it comparable.

A lot of this is assuming you have some knowledge of at least the existence of things like Raspberry Pi, CCTV or NVR, and general security camera setup. It's OK if you've not used Raspberry Pi's before or set up an NVR system, but I probably won't be covering things like 'installing an OS image on a Raspberry Pi' or 'the best ways to run ethernet to a POE camera'. I'll also only be talking about an NVR setup here and will probably mention Home Assistant and my smart home setup, with which I have a lot of other functionality added to that I won't be covering.
